# project-5-karina-ania-adam
We spent over 4 months on challenging Software Engineering project at Coders Trust - with the small group of 6 developers: 2 professionals with many years of experience in various companies and 4 trainee engineers. During those 4 months we were designing and coding a real application - accountancy system. Our basic version of the system allowed to manage (add, delete, modify and list) invoices, calculate income and VAT taxes. The system allowed also to generate PDF reports with taxes to be paid, was able to send email summaries about invoices registered in the system and allowed the user to interact with itself with both SOAP and REST APIs. The system was based on MySQL, Spring Boot and Hibernate frameworks. All the time we worked with GIT version control system using the Git Flow with frequent Pull Request. Most of the code was written by trainees and professional Engineers were doing daily code reviews and accepting only high quality code. Code Coverage in the project was above 70% (measured with Jacoco), number of test cases exceeded 100, also Checkstyle was used to keep the quality high - all those tools were integrated with Maven. For testing we used JUnit, Mockito, JUnitParams, MockMvc and RestAssured, for SOAP - JAXB, for REST - Jackson. To document REST services Swagger was introduced. For basic security implementation we used Spring Security module. Code was modularized with Spring Dependency Injection (DI), logging was implemented with Log4J with daily rolling of log files. We followed many important rules like SOLID, KISS, DRY, YAGNI and Fail Fast. We used over 10 design patterns - e.g. Builder, Adapter, Factory.
